Emerging Designer Winner
Will one
I rely on this girl to have more than 300 catties
Their fashion diva
Can this dress made of lanterns look good?
There must be something shady about this newcomer
Must have been paid
Shameless
Stinky fat imitates stinky ghosts
Do you have any evidence?
Why are you open-mouthed?
Boundless people
Isn't this here to teach you?
Come and see everyone
Why is he fatter in real life than in the video?
Fatty stinky fat woman
Damn fat man, get out of here
Don't drag me
Be careful I tell you a mouth
Go go go go
Fatty stinky fat woman
Shameless
Trade all your fame and fortune for a chance to live again
Would you like to do that?
But I don't want to be fat anymore
In 1988, I really traveled through time
Why am I still fat?